UN updates (#83)
NSS-Data-Instructional-Stuff/data-analytics: python_for_analytics/projects/GDP-and-Internet-Usage/README.md

 - **IMPORTANT:**  You are likely to get errors along the way. When you do, read the errors to try to understand what is happening and how to correct it.
  - Use markdown cells to record your answers to any questions asked in this exercise. On the menu bar, you can toggle the cell type from `Code` to `Markdown`.
3.	Import the required packages with their customary aliases as follows:

    `import pandas as pd`   
    `import numpy as np`  
    `import matplotlib.pyplot as plt`  
    `import seaborn as sns`
4.	Using the pandas `read_csv()` method, read the GDP dataset into your notebook as a DataFrame called `gdp_df`. Take a look at the first few and last few rows to familiarize yourself with what is contained in this dataset.
5. How many rows and columns are in `gdp_df`? What are the data types of each column?
6. Drop the `Value Footnotes` column and rename the remaining three to 'Country', 'Year', and 'GDP_Per_Capita'.
7. How many countries have data for all years? Which countries are missing many years of data? Look at the number of observations per year. What do you notice? 

> 8. Create a plot to show the distribution of GDP per capita for the year 2020. If you're unsure of what type of plot to use, explore the Python Graph Gallery (https://www.python-graph-gallery.com/). What do you notice when you look at this plot?

Author: Something like this?

```suggestion
8. In this question, you're going to create some plots to show the distribution of GDP per capita for the year 2020. Go to the Python Graph Gallery (https://www.python-graph-gallery.com/) and look at the different types of plots under the Distribution section. Create a histogram, a density plot, a boxplot, and a violin plot. What do you notice when you look at these plots? How do the plots compare and what information can you get out of one type that you can't necessarily get out of the others?
```

Reviewer: Awesome!

9. What was the median GDP per capita value in 2020?

> 10. Create a boxplot to compare the distribution of GDP per capita values for 1990, 2000, 2010, and 2020. Your plot should have Year on the x-axis and GDP_Per_Capita on the y-axis. Comment on what you observe has happened to GDP values over time.

Author: And this?
```suggestion
10. For this question, you're going to create some visualizations to compare GDP per capita values for the years 1990, 2000, 2010, and 2020. Start by subsetting your data to just these 4 years into a new DataFrame named gdp_decades. Using this, create the following 4 plots:
	* A boxplot
	* A barplot (check out the Barplot with Seaborn section: https://www.python-graph-gallery.com/barplot/#Seaborn)
	* A scatterplot
	* A scatterplot with a trend line overlaid (see this regplot example: https://www.python-graph-gallery.com/42-custom-linear-regression-fit-seaborn)
Comment on what you observe has happened to GDP values over time and the relative strengths and weaknesses of each type of plot.
```

Reviewer: Yes, exactly!
